hey everybody welcome back to another
land place binding of issac after birth
plus we lost is the keeper that's fine
dude I'm fine
what is the Isaac play-
plus mega satan mm-hmm you know what
it's been a little while since he played
his Isaac I mean it's been a little
while since we played his most
characters th le VBR one and we're like
v ba that's not a one also that's a
seven my brain does work I assure you
even though I just took damage on a room
that I shouldn't have taken damage on my
brain still works there's still great
matter pulsing around in those neurons
that's not how it works just due to a
electrochemical gradient the action
potential and the synaptic release of
neurotransmitters I understand that's a
reroll and a half hey what do you think
this is like a would you rather question
is BFF which is actually BB F is that
take about one of these days um well
that's pretty good
I think it's take about but I also think
there's a case to be made for not taking
you know rather we should we should talk
about that in the inverted case I think
I think that despite a lot of people not
really liking it I think it's not bad
we don't need invincibility to make it
work although it does help and the
damage output is really useful but maybe
it's more of a like an edge case you
know it's a situation in which if your
damage is garbage like if we had a
really bad like 2.6 damage Eden run or
something we'd be all over that but as
Isaac we expect to get DPS we're gonna
see if we get some right here we don't
but that item is worth taking magics cab
is totally solid in its own right we're
definitely not gonna get another reroll
but we also don't gain anything really
by taking a battery charge down to the
next floor we got the quarter instead I
think that is an improvement
you could go quarter coupon but I don't
think that's the right play moving box I
just do not like
think you pick up a 3-cent card and
that's not bad we can we can get value
out of that we put a bomb down you know
what we're gonna buy pay to play and
we're gonna test this pill yes not
horrible the reason we bought pay to
play normally considered maybe a greed
mode item it saves us money that we
probably would have spent on keys on the
next floor leaves us our keys to open
golden chests etc etc we could even go a
little deeper here although I don't
necessarily want to given that we have
an okay chance of getting a blood bank
on the next floor so yeah we're gonna
hold up 15 cents is where we want to be
we don't want to put any more money into
it and then not be able to buy the items
that we eventually rear old into I think
we're in a very good spot of course deal
with the devil I'd love to secure that
if possible we've got a shop right off
the bat or some kind of a special room
Book Of Shadows is actually like pretty
great Book of Revelations was well worth
it though so this will also secure us a
cube of meats or ball of bandages but
let's be honest Cuba meatball bandages
same thing more or less this room might
as well just contained bookworm which is
a transformation that I think I grossly
over a but still the occasional extra
shot is not anything to sneeze that
either way we're moving along here
looking pretty good and I love the Isaac
runs dude it just feels natural you know
it's like traveling to another country
you've been there for a little while
you're sick even sukiyaki
boiled cockroach pupa you're like you
know what I could just go for a
hamburger you saunter up to the TGI
Fridays it's an $18 burger it's not very
good but it feels like home that's a
really terrible analogy cuz Isaac runs
tend to be pretty good say better better
than an $18 TGI Fridays burger no
offense intended if you're a shareholder
in the TGI Fridays corporation I've told
this story on the NSS before but did you
know that TGI Fridays it's like the
ultimate beta story it was founded years
ago by a dude who was like there's
nowhere to meet girls what does he
invent TGI Fridays I don't know how
in the 1950s somehow that made sense it
certainly doesn't make sense now I mean
I'm not gonna say that if you suggested
that you take your date to TGI Fridays
she would you know rebuke you sometimes
you want the unlimited appease right is
that what they do is that it's either
that or that might be Chili's I can't
remember however probably I wouldn't
suggest it as on a first date unless
it's like the nicest restaurant in your
town we're gonna take we're gonna go
deep on this one if we respawn as Judas
we'll figure it out like we might
obviously already have some of the stuff
that we're gonna do unlocked is Judas so
it might be for the best to just not do
it but I'm gonna stick with this for now
because it's the right thing to do
we've also kind of like Trojan horsed
our way into having a Judas run that is
like already really strong like we
skipped the portion of the Judas run
where it's like oh we could die I guess
we should really talk about Judas and
dark Judas as two separate characters
but for the purposes of the post-it note
they're the same is what I'm trying to
get at there I'll take the pill pretty
fly plenty of battery charges if we can
somehow get the ability to fly and the
gift which is also not very good
unfortunately and I'm not talking about
the gift starring Katie Holmes although
that movie is also not very good
referenced in the much better film
Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle
we're gonna grab the battery charges as
a result of this high glossary and it
really were just looking for something
better than Ouija board which is okay I
don't mean the slander the Ouija board
is if it's I mean it's not Ouija board
also because that's copy written by the
Hasbro corporation it's what do they
call it if like a spirit board in that
until Don yeah the spirit board that's
it it's not that bad a lot of items
accomplish the same thing and what it
accomplishes to begin with is not
transformative so for right now I'm not
too concerned about it but 20 cents we
should come back down here and check out
this jar of flies again huh
tell you what I'm gonna pop like five
cents into this bad boy see if you get a
luck upgrade we didn't we could have
bought another battery charge with the
money I think we just continued to save
money though because I mean we win by
saving money because later we can put it
in a high-yield index fund generate
seven percent returns annually start to
hit that financial escape velocity there
we go pyromaniac more along the lines of
what we're looking for immunity to
explosions thereby making its bill you
know a little silly that I didn't take
be a BBF on an earlier floor however
despite this it doesn't matter too too
much because we got the quarter out of
that anyway which kind of kick-started
this whole thing over here and by that I
mean whoa
yeah kickstart my heart no I never stop
whoa yeah baby
there's a part of that song that is
always stuck with me as needing a
further explanation cuz kickstart my
heart it's kind of like it's not a love
song it's like a it's an intercourse
song and that's alright there's a lot of
those in rock music right that's like
half of it November rain intercourse
song most people don't know that I would
do anything for love but I won't do that
anal intercourse song most people do
know that I want it that way one of my
favorite rock and roll tracks of all
time
they say oh yeah you know they'd start
the song it's quite vulgar when I get
high I get high on speed something lit
up like a Christmas tree
oh yeah kickstart kickstart my heart
right then later in the middle of the
Sun they go when we started this band
all we needed needed was a laugh years
gone by I'd say we kick someone they say
they were dying to say but when I'm on
when I'm in a rage or hidden the stage
adrenaline pumping through my veins it
wasn't really Ryan but that's okay well
I'd say we're still kicking a kicking
butt as the song wasn't about that it
was about I thought well maybe it is
about that or no I just don't respect
the when you you in bands write songs
about how good the band is like that's
leave that to hip hop hip hop is
self-aggrandizing
a lot of the time rock-and-roll music
it's a it's a bit different maybe I am
NOT trying to insult Motley Crue I'm
pretty sure that Tommy Lee actually
physically ages like one month every 12
you Earthlings call it a year I believe
Vince Neal ages the other collection for
him that's not nice okay he was on The
Surreal Life and what have I done with
my surreal life my so-called surreal
life stop taking dumb damage here you
gotta hold it together we play it like
an idiot because you got this reroll you
should've been using this reroll 12
years ago even if we do have a deal with
the devil chance but that being said I'm
gonna keep moving forward guys now we've
come too far we should go for the deal
with the devil first excuse me sir okay
we got nine bombs that we heal from the
bombs our damage is not that good but it
can get better in the future so just
hold it together here at least unlike
the rap music in rock and roll they're
actually singing rap music is just
talking I don't understand it you have
to try the chevre by the way have you
heard the new Kenny G CD okay I'm
insulting my people here tears upgrade
spirit hearts I like it I'll take this
damage upgrade don't get too attached to
the spirit arts we add for your shot
occasionally good occasionally horrible
hopefully it's gonna be more on the side
of good here
puberty continues to erroneously tell
you it's a bad pill and it's actually at
the very worst situationally good and we
are gonna continue to check out our shop
here that is yet to be amazing for us
I'll take it I kind of don't want to
because it ruins our chance at an arcade
but it's not like we're playing the
arcade in all likelihood anyway I mean
look at the HP that we have right now
not gonna be anybody's favorite item to
grab I think boom but it is what it is
what I'm hoping to do is maybe now that
I boom pick up a second secret room
second secret room gives us HP or you
know some stats upgrades hematemesis is
fine I mean if one pretty fly is good
one health upgrade is good absolutely
don't get in a pretty fly in a health
upgrade not directly as a result of boom
but I feel like I was more open to using
my bombs as a result of it so anyway
we're gonna move along here right on
pace for BA stretch but we're not
looking for boss rush we're looking for
negative mega Satan surprisingly strange
sentence to say negative mega Satan mega
Satan is gonna be probably not plausible
and that's okay we know that one day
it'll happen
dad's key does exist now although again
we're going to the lam floor so we we
won't have a chest down there unless we
get really lucky but we can at least
knock out something here I believe if
you if you beat them we have no money if
you beat the lam you get an item I'm
trying to remind myself this if you beat
greedy or you just get trinkets and then
if you beat like boss rush as new
characters you get co-op babies which is
just like you know you needed for the
completion but also who cares most of
the time I mean I I would almost
guarantee this there might be one of you
out there watching this video that's
played more Isaac co-opted me and I
don't care
I've played hundreds of hours of after
birth anti birth rebirth co-op and
whenever I unlock a new co-op baby I'm
just like yeah maybe I'll see it one day
probably not not that the smarts a good
effort of the people at the niccola's
game development company I'm just saying
the items are what it's all about here
razor blade it's a good item always
forget that it comes with a statistical
improvement here which is very positive
for us
as our dps is good don't get me wrong
but not as good as I'd like it to be
long term you know this would be a
really good floor to maybe beat the odds
snag a deal with the devil
Bob's your uncle nothing there
all right that feels like a second
secret room feel like secret ran out
this feels like making love by bad
company incest
you've heard of them bad company I
didn't realize we were talking about
Electronic Arts I own well probably
should not have played you but also
could not resist extended stat effects
time perhaps to pick up perchance to
dream
look I'm still not done with this motley
crue thing I'm just trying to choose how
to approach it I'm also trying to
internalize the fact that I can actually
just walk into these bombs you know what
do we have to I don't know why so
they're like a whiny kid do we have to
do we have to ever do the teleportation
on the spike trap room
the self-sacrifice room if you will I
thought that there was a non locket a CH
to that but I might be mistaken
certainly for dailies were probably
gonna want to use it I just remembered
oh my god we have like at least 30 daily
still coming we need to do 30 in a row
or wait you have to do 30 total and win
five in a row so we can accomplish those
at the same time that's no that's no
serious challenge but it is gonna be
time-consuming but I think we're
marching pretty close to getting our
full series of unlocks here and it's
actually been really nice I was
skeptical that it would be as much fun
as it is but I'm going on this journey
of kind of you know rediscovering when
items are unlocked and you know having
runs that are a little bit different
because not all of the ultra powerful
items are unlocked from the get-go
although many of them of course are it's
been a trip dude I've had a good time
doing so not all the runs have been ten
out of ten but we've had some pseudo
streaks we've had some decent stuff
we've had the combination pseudo streaks
and decent stuff I can't be taking
damage like that on a regular basis
Joker please that's not Joker battery
charge is very good though we're on
necropolis 1 yeah dang Depp's 1 which
means
if we could make boss rush I would like
to I I will like I'd be lying if I had
said that I was not looking forward oh
that's these are terrible I if I said I
was not looking forward to being fully
unlocked let's do it look at that
and the reason I'm looking forward to it
is not because like it's a sense of
accomplishment necessarily but more so
so that I can do whatever I want on
every run but we have to earn that I
think it's better to earn it all over
again much much better not that we were
in any danger of taking the beam to
begin with unless I you know tripped and
fell on my keyboard but we like it
normally in this situation we would be
about four floors ahead of where we
actually are and maybe having a bit of a
different time because we would you know
have killed ourselves to respond as dark
Judas our damage would be 15 right now
instead of seven we might be a little
bit lower on HP but maybe not you know I
think we're still we've taken some dumb
damage that we probably would not have
taken if we were if we were doing more
damage mostly because I'm impatient not
because the run is bad patience by Guns
N'Roses that song specifically about
manual intercourse which is a really
fancy name for an HJ and if I keep using
coded language like that there is no way
the machine learning algorithm is ever
gonna figure out this video should be
demonetised let's go
that's the that's the secret I think
maybe that's why I've been a little bit
more resistant to the D monetization
thing that other people knock on wood I
speak in metaphors and microcosms and
allegories and oftentimes
Algor isms as a result it's hard you
know you remember that scene in Austin
Powers one of course you do
why am I even asking where Austin finds
the Fembots or they find him rather they
ambush him and they you can't resist as
you can resist us mr. powers and he goes
all contraire baby I'll think you're the
ones who can't resist me and he dances
so well and he gives them a little cross
moja nation and then all their heads
explode and then Liz Hurley goes alright
Austin I believe you
it's like that like the algorithm tries
to come in here and it goes well does
anybody think that Renee the cart is
very much like the disturbed David
Draiman of his era and then it goes I
have no idea to parse this metaphor
because it's inherently nonsensical to
begin with that should have been damaged
I shouldn't call him David Draiman cuz
he always tweets in all caps I should
always say disturbs David Draiman
shouldn't have shouted that into the
microphone I apologize but it made a
good point I thought
houses shouldn't make fun of somebody
for talking in all caps I do it in Skype
all the time to make a humorous point
and everybody laughs when they say
northernlion you're so funny
and we're so lucky to know you and I say
you do you guys didn't have to say that
but it is appreciated if it was like the
unspoken truth I really thanks a lot you
didn't have to say that though dude
allow me please to acquiesce the again
with a so funny bits to find the room
that contains the boss please because
this is getting a little ridiculous I'm
happy to have the bombs because we got
the HP required to make the bombs work
for us this is actually like there's
there's a game playing for us that works
really well for winning here and it's
pretty simple get a deal with the devil
that gives us lump of coal or at least
it doesn't matter what it gives us if he
gives us Krampus that said we could
reroll it into something even better we
get essentially a DPS upgrade without
having to trade any HP we use our HP
with our you know plethora of bombs to
make it easy for us to survive the
harder sections of the game more HP the
merrier at this point but and as a
result like we're set if we don't get a
deal with the devil we will reroll Gish
it's like the easiest flowchart ever
designed here little Gish is fine but
not good enough to get excited about
almost anything else would be better
right now even pageant boy shot speed
plus card could be better in the form of
magic 8-ball just has to be a good card
you know little Gish is worth about 8
cents as far as I'm concerned we did get
the deal ok phase one of the plan pretty
much working out as intended right now
what are what the best song about being
in a band is in the garage by Weezer is
pretty good there we go deaths touch
I'll admit that
formed a band by Boston an American band
by Grand Funk Railroad this is a
question it's rattling me because I
should have a better answer what about
um the city by journey that's kind of a
song about being in a band less about
glorifying it it probably shouldn't have
even taken that bit less about
glorifying it more about you know the
forlorn sense of being on the road all
the time it's an interesting question an
arbitrary and interesting question ie my
brand's I'm spoiled and Isak dude I'm
looking at this and I'm like why am i
dealing so little damage but I'm not I
got any damage a trait of fire it's not
terrible it's just less than I would
like it to be that would have found the
secret room 100% odds I actually think
that we could still make it to the mom
fight well I mean obviously we're gonna
make it to the mom fight but I I still
think we can make it to boss rush in
time we're gonna need a little bit of
luck on our side like we need to not
encounter really really nasty rooms and
we need to find it pretty quick and you
might be saying NL you're skipping the
item room you're skipping the shop we
got no money for the shop and we are
skipping the item room
the idea is boss rush is kind of like
its own little item room and by little I
mean four times larger than the average
item room in terms of number of choices
and if it doesn't give us anything good
then so be a week we get a reroll we'll
see what it is the thing is it's very
much we get it all or nothing at all
like an o-town song we need the negative
we either wants an item so good it's
worth doing boss rush which it does not
exist here although there's some good
stuff
or to suddenly teleports us but I mean
mom's wig is pretty good but yeah in the
end it was probably a little
short-sighted to come down here but life
goes on you think with the rise of milf
culture John Cougar Mellencamp resents
his nickname it was like in the 80s I
bet that was real fierce but now it
makes him sound like a horny middle-aged
single what she might be like I'm not
gonna tell him he can't be a me Who am I
right I've never had a song go to number
one on the Billboard Hot 200 probably
not yet anyway I'm working on it though
like like a lot of streamers I'm
planning on launching my side' career as
a DJ this year I think I'm really I'm
putting up some hot mixes and they're
gaining traction to be honest with you
that's not to look down on anybody
else's hobbies I mean of course be a
little bit like pot calling the kettle
black considering how often I'm like
yeah Dae Ray's started one javascript
only has seven possible data types in it
I mean what were they thinking me for a
dynamically typed language it's not that
bad but it'll never touch the statically
typed C++ compiler you get the idea cuz
it's just insufferable you know a
hobbies a hobby
I mean if Hodor can deejay anybody can
be Jay I mean Hodor doesn't deejay the
actor who plays Hodor deejays and
honestly dude more power to you because
there's also like I forgot we had the
wafer by the way which is really
carrying us but there's the actor on
Game of Thrones who played Hodor he
leverages is Hodor fame to DJ and at
first you know when I was younger I was
like I wonder if he deejays and he goes
uh half these people are only here
because I played Hodor and this like
novel now I'm like Dawg keep that hustle
up well done same with the actor who
plays hot pie hot pie opened his own
bakery making like
direwolf shaped cookies and apparently
is doing quite well at first my initial
reaction is uh wonder if he thinks that
like he's not actually that good of a
baker and then you know people are just
coming because of the whole game of
thrones collection after that I was like
dude flaunt it if you got it absolutely
you think if I wrote a book which I'm
likely you think if I wrote a book and
it came out I'd be like I'm not gonna
promote it because I worried people
would only buy the book because of you
know their connection to me they like
listening my voice I'd rather they just
found it on the bookstore shelves and
arbitrarily chose to pick it up hell no
dude I'd be on Twitter buy my book every
day it's a heartwarming coming-of-age
tale about a young woman living in the
rural United States who meets a vampire
named Ned on an open field now I'm not
gonna go there okay grab this grab this
we don't need that so we'll reroll it I
don't even we have the negative so we
don't even care that much about
permanent polaroid invincibility it's
all about just grabbing stats at this
point we might do the hush fight but I
mean as good as the run is and as and
besides the fact that we have keys kind
of don't want to sack any HP because
it's just it's not relevant right here
we already have
hush taken care of on Isaac and the run
is not so good that it's like a
guaranteed walk in the park like it
could be the start of a chain of
terrible events either way this one's
it's coming through in the clutch
normally I wouldn't pick up that bomb
because we have too many but we're at
the magic number now so 69 the magic
number lived by the sea also a great men
at work song not Puff the Magic Dragon
talking about down by the sea
not to be confused with yes down by the
riverside as sung by Rafi I have a
question for the churchgoers amongst you
do you have all the songs memorized cuz
I think I've told this before but it's
it's Korean Thanksgiving this week
aka Chuseok I'll call it you suck but
you know like 10 percent of people
watching this would know what that is so
I'm gonna call it Korean Thanksgiving
the same way we call you know kimbap
Korean sandwich even though it doesn't
make any dang sense but that's another
story for another day I'm always
reminded of a couple years ago when
Kate's parents invited me over for
Thanksgiving I have a good relationship
with Kate's family it's not like a you
know guess who's coming to dinner sort
of situation starring Ashton Kutcher and
Bernie Mac it's a completely you know
it's a amiable we have rapport is what
I'm trying to say and the more I say it
the more it sounds like we don't but
that's not the case but you know they
they they have different cultural
practices and religious practices and
I'm familiar with they started you know
they're like they turn the Bible to page
blank we're gonna sing this song I was
like I don't know what here's what I
know Amazing Grace doesn't really seem
necessarily like an appropriate
thanksgiving song but what do I know
and I know swing low Sweet Chariot and I
know Michael row the boat ashore is that
it is that a religious song they ever
sing Michael row the boat ashore in the
in church those are the only ones dude
well I mean then then like every
Christmas song as well which is old
another can't worms I suppose but do you
have a memorized if you go enough are
you just like oh I really hope they make
us sing swing low Sweet Chariot this
week I'm still just gonna go down to
Sheol I can understand that there were
songs I liked more than others we used
to have multiple Canadian national
anthems and I've told this before as
well but people go they tend to think
it's weird but we had to listen to the
national anthem before our classes which
was totally normal to me until people's
did saying like we don't have to do that
not to you know in Royal myself in the
recent flag controversy but anyway the
point is used to listen the national
anthem every day before class which I
really thought was just to give the
teachers a break in hindsight but we had
like eight versions of national anthem
there was the standard like you know
recorded in probably like 1955 oh and
then there was one recorded by a
Canadian acapella group called the
nylons it was like dude dude dude do pop
up up it had a lot of flair right and
they like the one guy in the in the
foreground with the melodies going like
Oh Canada and in the background everyone
else is going bump bump bump bump up and
now for awhile I was like that's the
best then they played it for eight
months straight and I was like this is
poison then we had country music Oh
Canada for a while I don't know way I
just I think sometimes about the fact
that there's a there's a company out
there that's like licensing different
versions of Oh Canada the schools
because they have to hear it every day
and I think about the implications of
diving into deep and possibly the
complications when I remember that what
are what it's like to work at that
company
like it in 2008 were they like we need a
dubstep Oh Canada it's different though
like you know we were a bilingual nation
when I when I grew up usually when we
listen to the national anthem half of it
will be in French half of it would be in
English it's kind of like the what's
that old it's like a biblical parable
right where one lady comes to the king
and she's like the baby's mine and then
the other lady comes to the king and
she's like no the baby's mine and then
the Kings like looks cut it in half and
the one lady is like that seems fair
you're a just King and then the other
lady was like don't cut her in half
that's my baby so like the first lady
obviously gets the baby cuz she was like
you know she cared about the baby's
safety I always wondered about the
second lady who's what's she gonna do
with half a baby like I never really
understood what her point was that she
was like totally okay she's like well
before I had zero babies now I have a
half a baby so it's like a is a net win
for me but anyway that's that version of
the national anthem is like I'm gonna
make sure very few people in the entire
country are gonna be able to understand
the entire national anthem that's
correct we're not all bilingual only a
subset that's too small unfortunately
either way now I used to know half of
the Canadian national anthem in French
and half in English now I only hear the
national anthem if I'm tuning into a
hockey game before it starts which
doesn't happen that frequently so I
think I'm atrophy I still remember the
words o Canada our home and native land
true patriot love for all thy sons
command with glowing hearts we see thee
rise our True North strong and free from
far and wide o Canada we stand on guard
for thee and then it goes a pate I shall
do something from pee and this is
totally the nylons version the a
cappella version
that's my anecdote there we didn't have
to say the Pledge of Allegiance because
there is no Canadian pledge of
allegiance the pledge of allegiance is
Oh
keep down you hoser try to listen to the
song we just heard me yeah there we go I
don't want to deal with that room I'm a
celebrity get me out of here
that's a British reality show if I
remember correctly this was just a nice
little I don't want to call it a lazy
run but a run on which our laziness was
enabled based on the fact that it never
really got difficult at all you know
what that means we should actually take
advantage of our victory lap now as much
as I don't really want to
we now have lost poster that's not from
the victory lap we still have to unlock
the lost so victory lap achievement
Isak complete a victory lap defeating
the lamb complete three victory laps and
star 2/4 okay so these are after birth
plus achievements of course because
that's when the reroll is added do we
still have mom's knife yes because I
thought you lose some items on each
reroll either way I'm gonna be honest
with you we're gonna speed run like as
much as we can without dying and we
could become dark Judas now and it might
not be relevant I see it look at shit
but we're gonna we're gonna try to make
our way through this cuz there's no real
reason for us to slow down on this one I
mean we're gonna be way stronger than
the floors that we're facing Wow we're
gonna be way stronger than the floors
that we're facing because we just got
Polyphemus and this is a great run for
us to give a bunch of money to our
donation machine which we don't need to
do just yet because there is no donation
machine in there but it felt like this
was the right time to get these to give
this re-roll or sorry full run rerun
wait I'm saying it wrong again to get
this rerun achievement done because I
mean let's be honest we're not in much
danger of dying mostly
intention on the fact that we have mom's
knife and a damage stat of 27 so I think
we're probably gonna be relatively in
the clear here we actually needed that
tears upgrade because Polyphemus gave us
a little tears downgrade maybe that was
a wonderful sound let me tell you all
right so we're gonna speed up here I was
really I gotta be honest we're gonna be
in for some interesting commentary
because I'm not sure if you could tell
by the end of that national anthem talk
I was getting a little bit dry as far as
anecdotes go I don't need for cents and
then I'm gonna get oh it didn't go up
I'm gonna grab this huge growth not bad
but I was really hoping for two of
diamonds so I could well I mean like to
be honest with you I would dump the d6
for like blank card Emperor and a
heartbeat it's a little bit more of a a
choice for our present run present
conditions hoggle eyes hoggle eyes it's
a complete three runs and started fourth
that's not that bad especially with the
combination of items we've got if we can
just more or less get some form of
mapping I think that that's all I really
need I mean we also have a deal with the
devil coming up and I think at this
point we should pretty much take what we
can get and not even in a way that you
know she just looked at me with those
big brown eyes and said you ain't seen
nothing yet which I normally do cuz then
I get to go baby
just a feed nothing yet so we did take a
left hand all the way which i think is a
smart move actually contrary to what you
might think because it allows us oh okay
well I mean we're still gonna go for it
here Leviathan now we can fly it gives
us a great chance to become guppy we
also continue to improve our damage
although you know one extra damage
doesn't mean as much when your damage is
already 28 faiths reward is also already
crushing it
yeah this was I think the right run for
this to happen I didn't expect for this
to happen right Ron right Ron it's
murder backwards
I actually just remembered that I had
such a good joke last oh yeah oh wait a
minute oh no no I totally remember I
meant to bring this up on the n LSS on
now I'm really excited for this video to
go up just apropos this is how my brain
works and probably how a lot of people's
brains work but it's just kind of firing
like it's just little fireworks are
going off or their most of them are duds
all the time sometimes I just wake up in
the middle of the night and go like if
she went to jail we could call her Ellen
degenerate or something like that you
know
I'm savor tax evasion or murder anyway
the point is last night I open up the
fridge to get a glass of water and just
my head this fully formed singular idea
comes out and goes you know that song
take me to church I wonder if they ever
approached that brand to try to get
sponsorship for that song for like a
Church's Chicken commercial which is an
American Fried Chicken company and then
you can't stop your head from writing it
it's like take me to church choose I'd
like to piecemeal with fries
give me a biscuit that would be really
nice I believe a good yelp review and
they're like I think it's just I don't
know what's going on up there is what
I'm trying to say I guess but that would
have been a much better bid on the LSS
instead I gift it without it being
gift-wrapped to you and you can you can
make of that joke what you will it works
best I think because it's it's actually
like it's a searing song about you know
some kind of emotional pain and then we
turn it into a song designed to sell d
hydrogenated vegetable oil fried chicken
and that's what works that's how you
know you've sold out and I got nothing
against selling out speaking of which
have you user twitch Prime subscriptions
recently come on give me the gob Stern
dude
give up the GUP you better shut your
mouth why you gotta judge everybody by
yourself that's another song where's
your Mercedes won't start yeah that's a
crying shame
I guess 90k year buys nothing but
complain the people in the neighborhood
say that I'm a threat but as the boss
gets richer they get deeper in debt it
really sounds like you're just using
that as an excuse to completely you know
like hand-wave other people's problems
as well as your own behavior in the
neighborhood if the people in the
neighborhood think that you're a threat
what have you been doing - I'm not
saying no false accusations exist but
you know there might be something to
those allegations as well sure the you
know the growing income disparity
between the rich and the poor is
something to consider as well but that
doesn't mean you know you should be
allowed to skateboard on my driveway not
without my permission at least
that's a Canadian song it's a Canadian
so not everybody might be familiar with
that bad boy but that's okay
continue moving on yeah I mean the run
from an Isaac standpoint is actually
tension free it's like it just got back
from getting a massage take that we do
have four lux so we can make great
things happen there and if you're
wondering you know why isn't he doing
this why isn't he doing this the answer
is if we do everything by the book on
this run is gonna be a long book it's
gonna be like The Brothers Karamazov or
something like that which you know I
know the title of but haven't read so I
still get like a little street cred
let's actually The Brothers Karamazov is
just one passage in a theater they have
skis blah blah blah blah anyway the
point is sure he's a good writer I guess
but you know is he Dan Brown because if
not that don't impress me much we
already have a dark matter so let's try
to take a second dark matter it totally
worked
continue moving on here I mean we're
like less than halfway through this but
hopefully timewise much more than
halfway through this I really really
should be using my money to buy shop
items because a map would help us out to
an enormous degree even blue map would
help
we don't need blank card Emperor blank
card world would also be fine
even blank cards son won't you come and
wash away the rain would be be a coup
for us
still trying to finesse the Guffey deal
as well we're doing really well on deals
with the devil that I will say I guess
the other thing and I hadn't considered
this is if our HP is good enough and you
got to remember we have the wafer every
self-sacrifice room could be played to
just send us down to the to the negative
floor immediately because we're still
holding the negative presumably I'm
gonna try it that idea sounds just
clever enough to actually be stupid and
kill me in a hilarious way so we're
gonna finish this floor and then we're
gonna try to play the self-sacrifice
room I don't think we want that we
definitely do not want that come on okay
just finish this one up I'm still
hopeful we're getting the Guffey dream I
mean 40 percent deal with the devil odds
you're not gonna like this logic for me
but that's basically 50% you know what
it what did 10% odds really mean for us
on a single dice roll and I mean 5050
it's pretty close to 2/3 so I would say
we have like a hundred percent
confidence we're probably gonna get this
to work for us I you know what jumper
cables jumper cables would probably be
good car battery is obviously just
horrible but for us could always blow up
the donation machine we could always use
this run to buoy our donation machine
second level Cuba meet finally No Deal
Howie Mandel all right so let's go back
to the pass to play the crappy games
that suck but and we have the HP
required to do this it's gonna be a
little delicate but we certainly can get
away with this actually could we get a
mega Satan run out of this in that case
100% deal with the angel chance cuz
we're gonna get an angel statue
eventually oh it's the second guppies
caller which might not even contribute
to the guppy transformation we could
also if we felt like it we could reroll
both of the key pieces but dude I give
the mega satan accomplished on this one
not even the jason magna satan who i
have to point out for everybody who was
titillated by the jason magna satan joke
he's now been released by the vancouver
canucks so i'm sad to say that at least
in the Vancouver area the era of jason
magna satan is now gone so you might be
saying NL you messed it up you lost your
keys that's not the case I mean it is we
definitely lost the key however on our
next role which we still have to do we
could go back and play the self
sacrifice room again we could also we
already have a 100% deal of the angel
chance because we feel blessed so we're
gonna be able to one way or the other
probably create two key pieces anyway
unless that gets reset run to run here
which it might actually now that I think
about it
we don't need the keys we don't need
y'all lock opening mechanisms girl get
out go home and out don't don't thump
them no instruments to insert into holes
Brown but I don't come down we open the
doors with some panties teacher leave
those Lots alone wait hey streamer leave
those locks alone hey diner leave that
locks alone hey Lia no don't leave
Barcelona all in all it's just a another
kick on the ball
sort of works
I'm begging oh there's a little Gump
magic GUP head if you will
we're not deaf yet and that's because we
still have only two guppy items we just
have one of the items twice and it's one
of the worst to have twice actually I
guess weirdly enough Guppies head is
Worth's worse to have twice but except
is a rear old target but we should have
just rear old Guppies collar but many
people in this situation would have done
the same thing I think yes ok so this is
a new pill has appeared so that's our
first full run we got to finish this one
and start another one I think sure I'll
take anything that works us towards
transformations at this point why not we
also I can't up and notice down to 8
damage now that's like actually horrible
why are you taking black hearts I don't
like that is this run actually bad well
ok why is it taking black cards dude I'm
losing my mind
save your money because we want the shop
to give us a math engine still can I'm
actually freaking out we're taking like
like it doesn't think we have a red
heart I can't think of anything within
the normal rules of the game that should
lead us into a situation in which we're
taking red heart damage from playing a
blood bank on the very first floor
unless things just start dealing double
damage down here just because our damage
by the way is still like real good our
DPS at least we got a long road ahead of
us though
like I don't even want to go to the
cursor keep in mind like we could
respawn as as dark Judas but I don't
want to do that because I'm actually not
sure if I've gotten the oh you got it
take Tarot cloth obviously I'm actually
not sure if I've gotten the achievement
for getting the negative path done that
might sound ridiculous and it would kind
of be ridiculous because obviously we've
done it ten times oh we also lost the d6
I see so you take the Emperor you take
the band and then you have the facts of
life as well but I think we might want
to end it I mean by fighting mega Satan
would be ideal but it seems like we can
no longer guarantee that so instead
guppy guppy guppy it's not good at all
instead we're just kind of gonna have to
try to roll this but yeah instead if we
have to go to the negative path and beat
the lamb again it should be fine so even
though we've got are you a wizard I'm
actually gonna speed through this a
little bit and this could get me killed
now that now that we've lost our like
marquee item it actually could get me
killed
I'm gonna hope that it doesn't but it's
also like you have to keep in mind that
if I don't finish this run quickly I
might die in real life of either hunger
thirst or you know I mean that's
probably or making light of the fact
that people on earth still die of that
however you know I'll be you all I'll
suffer from mild boredom we have to beat
the same Isaac run 20 times okay well
let's say we still have pyromaniacs so
that's a start I would also love to I
would also love to still have the wafer
which I don't know if I do
definitely still have pay to play we got
doubled wheels of fortune I don't know
why I said it like that doubled feels a
fortune of course specifically kind of
surprised by the lack of stuff we've
gotten from our shops you'd think that
we'd have a better chance I'm also
surprised that we're three runs into
this game with the left hand
excuse me I hit my poison my poison I'm
also surprised that were three runs into
the game and yet we have not managed to
create a guppy transformation out of the
left hand especially now that we've lost
mom's knife it's more important than
ever we're going back for that HP I
could meet it we got an 80% devil deal I
also would extremely acquiesce phd right
now question mark pill is insidious cuz
it makes you doubt all other pills that
you have no deal he's done it okay hold
lemon party that pills fine still moving
along here and I've still got time for
the streets it's the d-r-e
we're in a tighter spot than I would
have expected I hope this is the last
necessary run we won't get the value of
having defeated the negative perhaps
however we will get the value of
completing the rerun achievement which
is substantially more annoying than any
one time fighting mega Satan is the way
that I would describe that as politely
as possible keep in mind we've got
unlimited HP by our bombs I mean and by
unlimited I mean 84 which is actually a
hundred and sixty-eight full shots plus
TNT we can use like more than once per
room little tedious though hasn't
actually been that long like we've had
Isaac runs longer than this just goes to
you know further prove the kind of feast
or famine nature of Isaac in general
that you know your run is either usually
really really good and there's no chance
you'll fail or really really bad and
it's gonna be a slog all the way through
so there's a little tiny boy
very afraid there I have to open it but
like at the same time I'm not at all
excited about a single a single red
chest like we should be getting infinity
single red chests at present though that
is not the case so we just kind of kind
of we got a tough it out I'd be lying by
the way again I want guppy but I also
want brimstone like me if we can get
duplicate items give me a duplicate
mom's knife for all I care
we had it and it was ripped from us
unjustly well money's no problem so I
don't feel bad asking for it again I I
treasured it well I had it it's good
actually our speed was pretty poor just
don't get hit here we want this 100%
deal with the angel Chancellor's I deal
with the devil if we messed it up I
would be pretty disappointed in myself
because we are way stronger than we
should be at this point in the run
probably halo which is more than decent
and then another dark Judas and another
rotten baby because rotten baby was
ripped from us I guess probably dark
matter was ripped from us earlier then
as well I still by the way do not
understand why we're taking double
damage on every room except it must be
something that's like hard-coded in
reruns yeah that makes sense I'm
probably overly worried about something
I shouldn't be too concerned about okay
balls of steel means I'm not gonna lie I
couldn't teleport out anyway disregard
um it means I'm not gonna ruin my deal
with the devil chance which is good
enough in its own right there's gonna be
no we might still ruin it there's gonna
be no self sacrifice room play for sure
in the end like with nine lives which is
actually five lives for reasons that I
cannot comprehend
we're going to and then no question
marks associated with them which is also
hilarious we're going to probably win
especially if one of those lives is dark
Judas which now that I'm thinking about
it it might not be and I'm also gonna
skip the item room on this floor because
I want to is that a good enough answer
well save this for full health
we also are close enough that we could
probably get a really really good shot
at our deal with the devil well a really
really good below 50% chance of getting
a deal with the devil nothing will take
the polar way this time as we should
still have the negative shoopdawhoop is
kind of tempting but I don't think it's
worth going through the the slog here
keep me keep me mentally engaged in this
one we got it I'm actually gonna Sun
card right away I don't mind playing a
little sloppy here cuz I actually feel
like this is like sparring you know sure
you you always want to play perfectly I
suppose getting the good habits but it's
also a run in which we can afford to
mess around a little bit play a little
looser have more fun because we're gonna
be on it for 20 years
lemonparty is fine but good well it's
actually good but not great but totally
adequate if I my collections are correct
and according to my research this might
be oh this might be our last re-roll
necessary last rerun as this area should
say victory lap probably a better piece
of terminology I think that would be
good for you and for me you know you got
a day to get along with or a asleep that
you've already been lulled to by the
dulcet sounds in my voice should just
start whispering terrible stuff why not
do
14 lives just aren't whispering like
you're on a roller coaster and it's gone
off the rails you're careening towards
they see that would be terrible but I
would feel way less awkward about like
that then being like I hope you have a
good sleep sweeties
that's just that makes me very
uncomfortable we're just gonna keep
moving here as I say all the time other
things I say can I kick it yes you can
assuming you have the proper
documentation can I kick it yes you can
assuming you filed for a permit for that
don't make me fight the boss room like I
have tenure all of this is defined in
the collective bargaining agreement
although after Austin we've started
calling it the collective bargaining
[Music]
agreement I can't even speak anymore
NL shuts down it's like you know you
don't get Cinderella home before
midnight the chariot turns back into a
pumpkin right let's go we are family
I've got all my sisters in me
still like I mean HP is not in a
wonderful spot but wrote God's okay my
buddy this cat do you hear this I wonder
if he thinks that I'm like in trouble
that's what we'd like we anthropomorphic
anthropomorphic animals for sure you
know cat meows we go all he said even no
idea he might it's random neural firings
or something maybe sad I got no clue I
wouldn't pretend to be the cat whisperer
should never have come in this room but
I don't think that's the case I don't
think he's sad I think he's trying to
trick you into thinking he said that way
you eat drums up support for him in the
YouTube comments you take his side and
then you go NL you gotta feed your cats
I'll show you a picture there are cat's
belly he's well fed as am I to be fair
I'm as you know not the pot calling the
kettle black in this situation but
already oh no we didn't already see that
room okay so we're not gonna fight hush
we have to go to Sheol we got two floors
left and then possibly our long national
nightmare is over it's still a good run
I mean we have 14 lives it's a very
strange number but it's also a very
comforting number cuz surely some of
those 14 spawn us with more than one HP
movie had five and two of them might be
dark Judas
actually no one to zero of them might be
dar just cuz we didn't take the second
dark Judas to me I don't think we did
I'm actually losing it I'm like is this
the first time we've been down ash or
did we fight Satan on them on our first
pass here I'm starting to get like time
dilation like Matthew McConaughey in his
most famous 2013 movie the wolf of Wall
Street okay this is where we gotta focus
we can get hit twice here luckily I
think we're immune to the feet and the
actual explosion part of the bomb flies
but we can still get contact damage from
the bomb flies not that I mean they
didn't even have a chance to spawn so
disregard okay okay please God let this
be the finish here we have too many hour
long videos in like literally every
series I'm doing right now divinity is
always an hour long XCOM episodes are
getting longer can I do this stupid joke
of the NL SS it's three hours long
what's up with that we should probably
drop the left hands at this point but
we've held on to it so long it's like
I'm afraid to get rid of it it's a part
of me one little voice is calling me
calling contact damage not explosive
damage so my bad their luck down not
exactly a game-winner
and without mom's knife we're at a
disadvantage for the lamb fight
certainly however we do also have
explosion immunity and explosions are
the Lambs bread and butter it's that in
homing shots this cat is actually trying
to like beat the door down I don't
understand what we've done to create
such a monster I'm like one of those
parents on Maury this was way easier
than expected No yes yeah we always say
yes and then it gives us the achievement
if we oh my god there's one more all
right what one the last one you start is
the lost right but we have nine lives we
haven't we have nine lives though is the
thing go fast go fast okay this blow it
up blow it out we're immune to
explosions
the sector oh I don't know how I did it
but I did it
are we perma are you a wizard wizard
didn't know ok it was just our hour ok
we actually have to focus so this is the
one that actually matters I forgot that
the game did this but we're doing this
without holy mantle which is also
horrible we're gonna stick with Book of
Revelations cuz even if it does nothing
that still makes it better than TNT a
little bit of a joke I guess however you
know we like to have fun here however
it's also gonna create cubes of meat
which you're gonna deal passive damage
for us grab the HP even though it's
meaningless I'll let this cat inside
hello what is it what is it Roka no
meows I swear to God if this cat goes
behind the computer I'm gonna flip my
lid great name for a hat flipping TV
show not a great thing to happen because
I'm not even wearing a hat is the thing
wait we used Book of Revelations but we
did not get I keep a meet on the last
floor what's up with that we don't have
a ton of lives probably or maybe we do
it's the thing so I'm just like we also
don't have a holy mantle which is the
real problem still have Tarot clock
though what are you doing over there
stop that get in the box you weird kid
hit the laugh button it's not a laugh
button anymore as a duck button get
tricked how are we gonna do this I mean
we have a powerful run
I don't think we should take our eighth
the rotten baby our damage is good and
actually we're probably getting close to
spun but really what I'm looking for I
think is more lives oh my god the cat is
moving the mouse the irony is not lost
on me you've seen old proptosis lovely
item you've seen this room a million
times in your life buddy look yes we're
friends weird actually like actual best
friends you could be the best man when
Kate and I renew our vows but you're
leaning on me too hard buddy I know it's
been a long either Grande but come here
just get in the lamp okay all right well
distract him with love we should have
like I mean 14 plus nine minus the
number of times he died probably died
like five times already so we should
have like 18 lives do we I just made a
face like how the F should I know
because I I can't see so really it's
like pretty much up to the game at this
point
huge growth is like almost like a run is
almost too good to make huge growth
matter I think it's our eighth blood
clot still begging for a a damage
increase and by damage increase I mean
mapping those two items are like barely
related check out okay this is good this
is good we will donate first let's check
and see what we got down here mm glass
cannon is actually incredible because we
already have no HP so what is the
problem with glass cannon this should
stop yes
some of the donations aren't even going
through there it's I have no idea what's
happening on this run so one of the very
very few times glass cannon is the right
call I think Network would take a deaths
we shouldn't be especially considering
we can pretty much destroy any enemy or
rather we can destroy all enemies with a
single glass cannon we might as well
take large zip and I can't even imagine
how strong our glass cannon shots are
right now but in the end that doesn't
really matter if we can't keep ourselves
alive what on earth did I do there cam
please let me continue to have the deal
with devil thank you I'm still a little
concerned world card is fine and so is
juice is shadow which didn't oh the
deals the devil are free because we're
the lost that's right that's right
all right world me please full run
reroll I wouldn't dare at this point
thing is most enemies where he's gonna
shoot him glass cannons a little
overkill still really cool but a little
overkill sure glaucoma
there's just no shops anymore that's why
we're not getting the map
that was very satisfying continue to get
a deal with the devil will take cambian
conception knowing that came being
conception can't do anything except
contribute to its transformation because
we already have a full suite of not
being able to take damage abilities like
for example every time we take damage we
just die I guess we could maybe
conceivably get one item out of can
being conception may be kind of tempting
to do boss rush on this one is as
ridiculous as that sounds I don't think
it would be hard I think it would just
be annoying it might not even be
annoying the only thing that would be
annoying about it is that you know we
would be wanting to kill enemies too
quickly and sometimes those enemies are
you know gonna start underground or
something like that but apart from that
everything dies in like a second it
actually like substantially less than a
second I'll just record a couple of
videos before a stream today good idea
good idea well I mean we did it to
ourselves not like this was a compulsory
thing for us to do today now that's a
new level of laziness there we at least
got a check in bay man it's not bad now
is mysterious liquid really that
relevant in a situation in which every
enemy dies on contact with your tier No
but why not right oh my god shall we
fight delirium I'm gonna say no is the
answer to that question but it's funny
that you would ask we might as well take
the negative just in case we somehow
lost it we should have access to both
though none of those are worth it so
we're out and remember this is the most
important part you should go to show you
got to go to Sheol I just wish that I
still knew how many lives I had I know
we can tell that we have lives because
of the the head stuff about two heads
actually still following us around so we
should have at least 10 lives I also
know we got pH D plus we got the item pH
D however who cares
we don't need pills for anything we
cards an emperor card for example a
world card nothing else really matters
too much we could up our tier rate all
day it doesn't matter one tier kills the
enemies we fire it as soon as we enter
the room
literally like all of our stats are
irrelevant except for the one that means
we kill enemies instantly so I'm just
gonna keep moving here I'm gonna keep
running into random eyeballs want you to
know okay well I assumed that he was
dead and that was my bad we now only
have one head following us we also do
have a dark to destroy they be no we
still have two heads
I was just incorrect room one tackled
take two items that effectively do
absolutely nothing for us and head down
to the next floor I think we're gonna
make it and my existential anyway will
be over I start to like I'm just like
hot it's 29 degrees in this room right
now Isaac run has gone too long and we
almost obliterated ourselves
accidentally we used a little-known
trick that I remember from like being
told it four years ago once I'm just
lucky that for some reason that got
commuted to memory it's actually
committed to memory for something to
commute to memory doesn't really make
sense
don't would love the virus actually
would speed down irrelevant spun
probably also irrelevant okay you know
what I've talked myself out of it we
don't need it what we do need is to
never see another dead end as long as I
live because this is absurd you might be
saying you're complaining a lot for a
dude who's killing every single room as
soon as he walks in yeah but you might
be complaining too on a run like this
it's not that I don't like it it's just
that it's long my dudes hoping at the
only like 10 minutes and payout from a
red chest is he's a teleportation of the
deal with the devil that is like I'll
sign up for that I'd be on time for that
I also ain't thought of no rhymes that
would line with that Kanye West 2004
late registration
but all the enemies are dead so you that
shot should never have existed is the
thing as much as I hate the circumstance
of this run right now I'm gonna hate
myself a lot more if I mess it up so
just stay on point we only got one head
following us around now oh that was
scary you know what we actually should
do and this is like such a low
percentage play but I like it we should
drop the left hand I mean basically
immediately and then probably sure to
drop it like two floors ago we're gonna
drop it immediately and then use our
luck stead to possibly create a
situation where dad's he shows up on the
on the next floor give the odds of that
about a 1 in one quadrillion chance of
occurring but
I'm okay with this it's better than not
having any chance look at that we got a
big golden chest right off the bat
thanks to dropping it that could have
been a big red chest instead our final
dark room I believe
thanks for the spirit hearts is not at
all irritating you got to do well we
might not have to do that room again but
we probably have to do that again
Beelzebub not a really relevant
transformation do I really want to fight
mega Satan on this run Wow yeah now I do
just cut nine more lives
so we're somewhere between 10 and
infinity lives now through some
combination of Guppies collar times two
9lives times three and one two to Judas
shadows it's a little silly I mean that
would be probably okay damage but how
can you it's like the one situation in
which glass cannon is actually excellent
we've made it work and by we I mean the
incredibly unique circumstances created
by the game itself
be nice if we had rubber cement milk is
actually useless for us in this
situation and don't let the dairy Lobby
tell you otherwise I think we're done
save me no wait I had to say yes oh my
god
why do you have to say yes because if
you don't say yes you only get the
achievement when you start the final run
well this is the last Isaac run I'm
gonna play for the rest of my natural
life I hope you enjoyed it if you did
click the like button helps out a great
deal of course subscribe you wanna see
more in the future for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time